/* Basic Wallet Instructions
 *
 * Copyright (c) 2018 by Adequate Systems, LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
 * See LICENSE.TXT   **** NO WARRANTY ****
 *
 * Date: 12 May 2018
 *
*/

IMPORTANT:  You should create an address "maddr.dat" using the wallet before
you start your miner, or you won't earn any mining rewards.

GETTING STARTED:

When you compile the source code using "makeunx install" it will also compile
the text-based wallet software.  Here follows basic instructions on how to
use the text-based wallet.  Note, Mochimo currently has a gorgeouss GUI
wallet under production, called "Mojo", and you can see an example of that
on the website.  However, beta testers will have to just use the basic text
interface for now.

Create Your Wallet File:

To start, from the ./bin directory, invoke the wallet with the following
command:

./wallet -p2094

1. You will be prompted to choose a name for your wallet, we suggest "mining".
2. You will be prompted for a password.  Your wallet will be encrypted 100% of
   the time. This password will be used to decrypt the wallet, don't lose it.
3. You will be asked to enter some random text to help randomize your wallet
   seed.  You do not need to memorize this information.
4. You will be asked to pick a filename.  We recommend mining.wal.
5. The wallet file is saved to disk and the wallet software exits.

Open Your Wallet

If you named your wallet "mining.wal", then open the wallet with the following
command:

./wallet -p2094 mining.wal

You will be prompted to enter your password.  If you enter this incorrectly,
the system will not tell you, but the name at the top of the wallet when you
open it will not say "Mining", but rather some garbled gibberish.  The reason
for this is the password is a decryption key and is not stored in the wallet
itself.  If you enter it wrong, the wallet will still decrypt using the wrong
key, and the result will be garbage.  You know you entered it correctly if the
wallet name you chose displays at the top of the screen.

Creating a mining address:

1. From the main menu, select option 4 to create an address.  You will be
   prompted to name it.  We suggest calling it "mining address".

2. Select option 2, to display your address entries.

3. Select option 6, to check the balance on this new address.  You won't have 
   any coins yet.

4. Now let's save this address to a file, so that we can start mining and have
   our block rewards go to this address.

5. Select option 7, to export.  You will be prompted to select the index number
   of the address you want to export.  In this case it will be index 1, since 
   it's the only address you have.  Type 1 and hit enter.

6. You will be prompted to select a file name.  The file has to be named: 
   maddr.dat

7. You will be asked where to save the Balance.  Please select "N".

8. You will be told that maddr already exists if you've done everything 
   correctly.  Enter Y to overwrite the default mining address with your new 
   mining address.

9. Now type 0 to exit, and go invoke your miner.  

You are ready to mine!
